---
 title: "Go to Hell"
 id: 6367
 date: 2013-10-07
 tags: other mongrel
 category: music
 excerpt: "Go To Hell: installation and performance with The Six Tones. Choreography by Marie Fahlin. Music and video by Mongrel and Jörgen Dahlqvist. Sound and light installation by Gerhard Eckel. Music by Rol..."
 author_profile: false
 show_date: true
 image: 
 media: http://youtu.be/rogEh844ptI
 related: true
 layout: single
 permalink: /:categories/:year/:month/:day/:title/
---
{% unless page.image contains 'spacer.gif' %}
{% endunless %}

Go To Hell: installation and performance with The Six Tones. Choreography by Marie Fahlin. Music and video by Mongrel and Jörgen Dahlqvist. Sound and light installation by Gerhard Eckel. Music by Rolf Riehm, Henrik Frisk (all live electronics), Richard Karpen and The Six Tones. Light design by Sutoda. 




<h2>Go To Hell: gesture and sound on the threshold.</h2>

Go to Hell is an installation and performance work set on the threshold between gesture and sound and between the worlds of the dead and the living. The three musicians of the Vietnamese/Swedish group The Six Tones move through the subterranean landscape of the dismantled R1 nuclear reactor like mythological after-images. Fragments from the myth of Orpheus are double-exposed with the tale of a beheaded ghost from Vietnamese Tuong theatre. Evoked by the potential danger of the location, the audience is invited to explore an interactive and open form installation that relates to ancient myth and its bearings on experimental art of today. The choreographies and video art all relate to the gestural and conceptual content of Toccata Orpheus, a composition for guitar solo by the German composer Rolf Riehm.


{% include video id='rogEh844ptI' provider='youtube' %}

